Unwell
Do you like to teach from the most basic skills
It is a basic dad style Yes
It will be such an appreciation if I give out a wide-ranging skill with this
Say you are but whether it becomes
So I want you to remember the fact I did Let's think please first all-san Tama
Yeah'm technique called single mother
I do n't feel like this so as not to get stuck in too small a trick, but this is so special
Demanding skill is not to say but
Towards But I thought after all who still See you is amazing difficult
If there is no such first grade or cabinet, let's just say
In the wrist effort shattered fractures, after all it's a prime mover
It is said that it is a song that bought tea because it is a guard
Well then, this single burner technique
Please Yes please than Yo you Yes thank you for seeing at once in a single mother
My body was light
Is not the Tteyuu teacher'm kinda in fact you are doing to Yes God game
Oh
It's a very difficult place for tanks, so I'm sorry
Correspondence
There ah as I wonder if the good Uncle
I want to profit if the rub Nemaa from the seat this doctor is in the corner
Oh oh yeah not so yeah and 鯉 individual 鯉
Hahn If there indeed
Oh, that boy's os with the death penalty so that I can clutch here
Hold the handle big cats
In September it's Arti
In what in in about made it Hegase enough to become actually Let's go, such as 3 Abe, I'm not anti-car
Remember in these 3 steps yes
From why elephant entered to firmly clutch here N partner
Judge arch entering the arts from the clutch Wash bing firmly at the end
Nei clutch pay Ayur meaning source from Arai and Flatch Arch
As this is the basis of turning the earth neck
Let's try farming in practice Thank you in advance
My chopsticks also Kugidan is the rock-bottom buy it
Cormorant pointed out invisible look-
Not a varivas
Ena
It's just a crack and a crack
Or it is Haitenman'm'm not doing performance without red beans
that
I do not change and do it possible that plus cool of the pin used in science
Well of properly Thank you it because I have Hasho' for you ah ah ah latest wine
It is Yaro chop stick
So'm booby Icarus Nhon
I think it would be nice to have a single still
Hmm
It is earning a number of clutches If not good guts ok
House exile
It must be the person who can I Te dark Bisu'
It is sad that Bath is aiming for the reverse, but this is true
It is not a large image like this
But double touch power double touch If you can do it w
To
It is delicious
It is a brush of the arch
Mother's point too
It looks like a graph
Taste
Standing